##### **About Me**
# My name is Marissa Sawh

I am a junior at Christopher Newport University (CNU) located in Newport News, Virginia. I am majoring in Social Work and minoring in Sociology. In addition to these two fields of study, I am considering another minor in Anthropology. 
# Plans After College
After graduating from CNU, I aspire to complete my Master’s degree, focused on social work at a macro level. A degree centered around macro social work will allow me to pursue jobs at the state level that involve implementing programs as well as creating and/or revising policies that can provide citizens with a better quality of life. 
# New Found Interest in Digital Humanities
Initially, I signed up for the Digital Humanities course to fulfill the writing-intensive requirement, however, I am quickly finding myself developing a new interest in this subject in general. Specifically, I find coding oddly fun as well as interesting, so I am excited to see where the course goes.
# Personal Achievements and Involvement At CNU
A personal achievement that I am most proud of is being a student member of CNU’s _Social Work Program Advisory Board_. It is a position I never thought I would acquire, nevertheless one I would even apply for. My role as a student board member is to express my own opinions as well as gain insight from my peers in the social work program about the ways in which the program can improve. Then, I present that information to the Social Work program alumni and faculty. 

Additionally, I am involved in two clubs on campus one is CNU’s _Social Work Association_. The other is known as _Christian Student Fellowship (CSF)_ where I occasionally sing at Northside Church in Yorktown, VA. Throughout my academic career, I have also volunteered consistently for the Habitat for Humanity Restore in Newport News, VA.
# But **my life** aside from being a student?
I was raised in Bristow, Virginia alongside my older sister in a divorced household. Pretty much every person I have a close relationship with has a different nickname they address me by, but I always use my first name in a professional setting even though _I **don’t** really like it_. Another fact to know about me is that I use the pronouns she/her. 

If there is any one thing to know about me is that music has a large role in my life. If it’s not playing in the background throughout the day, it’s because I am having a _mini-concert_ of my own. 

I taught myself guitar in my sophomore year of high school, which initiated my love of writing and singing my own songs. Plus, I _dabble_ a little bit in writing poetry. Apart from the creative side of me, I love to go snowboarding and skateboarding; honestly, I am that person that is down for any adventure or to take on any challenge.  
